hickuphh3

false

# Audit Report

## Codebase Impressions
Not many projects use Vyper, so to be able to audit one is a privilege that I'm honoured to be given. The codebase seems simple:
- `AuctionHouse.vy`: auctioning off 1 NFT per day, similar to how nounsDAO does their daily auction. Raised funds from the highest bidder are sent to the vault.
- `Vault.vy`: Funds are deposited to Alchemix, and a 50% non-liquidatable, self-repaying loan is acquired and sent to help the target project as Fair Funding
- `MintableERC721.sol`: The NFT to be minted and auctioned off. NFT holder is given the right to recover the raised funds over time.

The AuctionHouse was clear and rather straightforward in its logic. The vault is where majority of the business logic bugs lie. In my opinion, it would've greatly benefitted from integration tests using Foundry + mainnet forking instead of mocking the Alchemix system. It would've caught the first depositor error, and writing various scenario tests would've helped ironed out some of the accounting issues I discovered.

A substantial number of issues stem from the discrepancy between how yield is accounted for in the vault, and how Alchemix does it. The current implementation marks yield claims by withdrawing collateral, but Alchemix accounts for yield by increasing the credit limit (debt mintable) of depositors. While it might seem to be the same thing (every `X` rETH repaid unlocks `2X` of WETH collateral), it vastly affects distribution and shares accounting to detrimental effect.

## Low / Informational Issues

### Define interfaces for `AuctionHouse` & `Vault` for easy 3rd party integrations
Whilst setting up the Foundry + Vyper repo, I had to write out the solidity interfaces for the contracts. Think other parties / integrations would stand to benefit from having these interfaces. I'm sure they'll appreciate having to do less work!

### Owner can freely mint to `FALLBACK_RECEIVER`
Since the AuctionHouse owner is trusted, I consider this as a low issue, but it's an attack vector if the NFT collection becomes as valuable as nounsDAO. The owner can simply do `refund_highest_bidder()` -> `settle()` to freely mint the NFT to the fallback receiver for every NFT to be auctioned.

### Erroneous event emission
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-fair-funding/blob/main/fair-funding/contracts/AuctionHouse.vy#L242
`Bid` is emitted in `start_auction`. Given that the `_start_token_id` can be 0, which is the first NFT to be auctioned, this bid event emission possibly will mess up analytics that rely on events. Best to remove it.

### Missing `AuctionStart` event emission
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-fair-funding/blob/main/fair-funding/contracts/AuctionHouse.vy#L199-L203
The next auction would've started, but it fails to emit the `AuctionStart` event.

### Vault deposits are not disabled if migration has been activated / executed
> Since vault potentially holds an Alchemix position over a long time during which changes at Alchemix could happen, the `migration_admin` has complete control over the vault and its position after giving depositors a 30 day window to liquidate (or transfer with a flashloan) their position if they're not comfortable with the migration.

During this 30 day timelock, or even after migration has been executed, the deposit flow may still work (depending if Alchemix disables deposits on their end). However, since the `migration_admin` will be the Alchemix Multisig, I work under the assumption that deposits will be paused. 

Nevertheless, to err on the side of caution, consider reverting if migration has been activated, or executed.
```vyper
# in register_deposit()
assert self.migration_active == max_value(uint256), "migration activated"
```

### `suggested_owner` not zeroed after ownership transferred
I  assume it’s a gas optimization to leave the slot dirty after ownership is claimed. No harm leaving it as the new owner, except that he can call `accept_ownership()` to spam event emissions of `OwnershipTransferred`. Maybe add an assert check:
```vyper
assert self.owner != self.suggested_owner, "same as current"
```

### Do not change `_mint()` to `safeMint()`
I know it’s mentioned in `MintableERC721.sol` that `_mint()`  is used instead of `safeMint()` to prevent auction DoS, but it'll be good to add the same comment in `AuctionHouse`. Note that `settle()` does NOT have reentrancy protection, so it is ***crucial*** that `_mint()` is used. Otherwise, one can re-enter through the `on_ERC721_received` hook to repeatedly call `settle()` to mint multiple NFTs.

In addition, consider adding reentrancy protection to `settle()`.

### Unclear `MintableERC721` Documentation
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-fair-funding-hickuphh3#mintableerc721
The documentation seems to suggest that `Vault` is the NFT owner, but in practice, it is the AuctionHouse. The `Vault` merely verifies the token holder to be the caller for the relevant functions.

### Seemingly redundant WETH balance check
`mark_as_claimable()` contains the following check:
```vyper
assert ERC20(WETH).balanceOf(self) >= _amount
```
which isn't particularly useful, since it's using the contract's balance instead of taking the difference before and after the call to `_withdraw_underlying_from_alchemix()`. Could technically call the function multiple times without having `alchemist` transfer the WETH, as long as the contract holds sufficient WETH.

Either remove it, or perform a stricter check.
